I will add future to this appier if Chance is one of the easiest to get started with framework's which
is why I chose it here.
But later in the course we will have a look at re-act an angle or two and also a lot more at Meucci
us here we will quickly dive into it.
Later we'll have a section where we take a closer look at butis.
Let's visit you art work.
And here we can click on get started to get started but then we can choose installation to install it.
And I still want to use a CDN here.
So what we can do is we can simply right click on this link here and copy the link address to take the
Cdn from unpackaged year giving us this link the latest version of you automatically and I will replace
shake where you with it not load Esch.
I still wanted unique ID but it will replace Cheikh query and they will say something about that replacement
of Cheikh where you can not load Eshe later.
Whoops.
Let's turn this into a valid script tag again.
So this now is the import of the U.K.'s and d loaded link here fixed.
Now let's use view Chasse using DHS works totally different than using Cheikh we were just the reason
why I replaced it.
Lowder's doesn't interfere with our dorm which is why I still use load Esch but all the DOM manipulation
will now be handled by future as.
Which is why I removed Cheikh were you.
We shouldn't have multiple libraries or frameworks doing the same thing.
So if Cheikh where he interacts with the dawn and view Chasa as he will see the second does the same.
Chances are we will mess things up.
So as a rule of thumb if you're using a framework like angular react or view don't use Cheikh we might
be hard at the beginning but really embraced the structured framework gives you and then stick to it
and don't use Avar libraries not just Shakeri but that's the most prominent one which manipulates on
to other libraries which do different things like loading Stasia giving the utility functions in javascript
only are totally fine to use but accessing the DOM Datchet should only be done by one thing but one
framework.
After talking let's go back to view chess and let's understand how it works.
View chess works with templates.
That means that it basically needs a template for the actual age to Humala code.
It will then create.
We already have HTL code and we can tell you just use this as a template by wrapping it in a div for
example taking all that code and putting it into that div So like this let me tidy this up and then
I'll give Dave an idea of app you can choose any other ID that's totally up to you will we will need
it in a second though.
So now we have our team looking at almost the same as before.
Now in javascript I will remove that code later but I will start simple by using View and keep in mind
we added the import.
So what I can do here is I can say new view to create a new view instance tell us how you chairs works
and then we pass a javascript object to configure it.
So that's basically initialises Mujeres you could say.
And now we can work with it.
There are two that object we can set a couple of properties.
The first important one being the L property where we tell you chairs Hey over which part in our HDL
code should you take control.
So which part should you take as a template.
We can work with.
And here we use a normal C-s as selector for example hash tag app to select this whole day of year distaff.
Now this is under control of view chess.
Now you can say and now we want to add the same functionality we had before making the Spartan clickable
and adding and removing elements now since we use a framework and we control this part of HDMI while
we can use special commands in HDMI.
Because again keep in mind this part is controlled by the U.K.'s.
So whilst HMO while the browser won't understand our Command's view chase will and it will basically
replace the commands with code.
The browser does understand before the code hits the browser so we can add a click listener for example
and we can do this by using vi on colon.
Click here now v on.
Is that directive command understood by View.
Yes.
And the think after the colon is an event you want to listen to because of the on the command tails
view Chia's please react to event and event is then passed as an argument here after de colon.
So this basically sets up a click listener you could say and here I want to execute at two.
However this won't target our function here.
Instead we have to stay in that view chess world does view object we passed to the view instance has
a number property view chess understands and we can't add any properties here it has to be properties
Mujeres knows more about this in the future.
A section later and of course the methods property for example now methods here allows us to add our
own methods like add to do which is just a function.
So that's a normal javascript object we have here with a function now as a property to do.
And this is now what this click listener will refer to.
Now this is how we can now add a to do and to manage a list of to do is I need to add a number property
to give view instance the data property.
So where methods allows us to register our own methods.
We can call from ever to darm or any other place in the view code your data allows us to set up some
data.
We want to work with an hour app.
So here I will add a javascript object as data and then we'll add to do's as a property which is an
empty array.
So this is kind of similar to to do is down there but now not a variable just a property in this object.
We set up as data of our view instance which just to bring this back in memory is all we're working
with right now because the view is now taking control over our edge old code.
So here in at Due's we can therefore now create a new to do.
So we can still save our new to do.
Basically we can chest copy the code we have here and add it to add and you to do we also probably still
want to validate if the user did enter something valid.
So two four days we need to check if our input element here holds valid coat and we can get access to
this input what the user entered with.
We model now with we model we can bind this to some data property here.
So your this can be user input which is an empty string initially.
And here I will now pass user input.
And what this does is for input elements the model will automatically fetch whatever the user entered
as a value and pass it to some property in that data property here which we defined between quotation
marks.
So we set up this link here.
So once we get this value automatically in this function we can simply check Well basically do the same
with that for user input.
If user input and return if this is not valid however a user input like this won't work because we don't
have a variable named user input at this point of time.
But with this user input viewer chicest automatically gives us access to this new instance.
And this might look a bit magic if you are experienced javascript developer because this can be tricky
in javascript but UK has to make sure that this will actually always refer to the instance and give
us access to all the methods and properties or all the data properties we added to this instance with
the data or methods objects.
So a bit magic here but that is what frameworks like view are about.
So now this gives us access to user input allows us to check that allows us to create a new to do.
And therefore allows us to use district views to access our traduce here and then push to push it new
to you on this array of tattoos.
Now this adds a new to you.
Now let's also show this to you in our unordered list and here we again work an HMO code since again
this is under control of the future.
Yes.
And then we can add a list item which is what we want to end in the end.
And now another directive and Navier command beauteous will understand before which allows us to loop
through some items.
And here I want to loop through my two Jews so I can say to do in two deuse what this will do is to
do us will automatically refer to our data property just like the model user input referred to our user
input and to do is just Ela variable which will take the current to do for each iteration.
And now we can use numbers syntax double curly braces which again is understood by the chess which allows
us to output the individual to do text.
So to do is a javascript object does would be to do value to you would refer to the individual object
in our array and objects have this format and value therefore is whatever be entered.
This code will already output new Tutu's.
So let's now get rid of all the average value of code everything and at the end of ETA do let's all
a console log does to do.
However we have to have some valves in there if we see something here because Alber wise since we nube
fruit juice we wouldn't see anything.
For now we control enter open the console and clear it to see any errors.
Let's add by Molik and click add to do and we get an error because of course they closed console here
when we assigned the value.
This also has to be this user input just as in to check here we have to refer to the user input.
We created a data which will stand for automatically added to the overall view instance future has created.
So it does if we now had control enter and I opened the console.
Let's clear this and let's say by mulk now.
And now you see Bimal was added.
And if we say answer questions here you see this works and we've got our array.
You may ignore does observer object in the parade that's added by you chest to do some of that magic
but mainly you see that our to do here were added with IDS and of course their original values.
That is what Mujeres does and you already saw that the array looked a bit different that we had some
of this view magic in there.
And this is a much easier way of managing our code much more understandable and we don't have to create
all these elements manually.
Instead we now have view chairs doing all of that for us.
It gets especially easy if we not also add the functionality to remove the elements.
All we have to do for this is add a number click listener to the list item and you just automatically
added for every new list item it automatically generates we on click here where I say remove to do just
like that and the only thing I have to do here is I have to pass to to do as an argument to remove to
do now with Dad we can add a new method remove to do.
And I know that I will get d to do what should be removed as an argument as I just passed this year.
And with that what we can do is I can extract the idea to do Daut idea because again to do as simply
an object of this type.
And now I can reach out to my array of to do with a for loop to remove it.
So a year I can again use var equals zero loop until we reach the end of.
To do so as long we are within the length of that increment here and then simply check if to do is fix
this to reduce by ID equals the IDB retrieved here and then if we find one use this to Dewes splice
to remove this element the same code as before.
Just put this in front of to do's and then also break out of this loop.
Now we don't need to add any code to remove the element because now see for yourself if we open up the
developer tools here and I enter by milk and then answer questions for click on answer questions it
is removed and that is because you now only work with the data with your logic and the presentation
and the dorm is handled by View chairs automatically.
Since we loop through all the to do is here and replicate this list item as often as we need to have
to to do being output to the DOM view chess will also recognize if we remove elements from this array
we use here and then remove the elements from the DOM automatically and that is the great advantage
of frameworks.
You don't have to do that fine grained management of elements in a dorm you don't have to write a dom
access view.
Yes we'll do this for you.
We'll even do it in a very efficient way for you so that you have a great chance of getting better performance
than with your code and you can really focus on your business logic.
And this I think is a very clean code very understandable and we will of course dive a little bit deeper
into view as and how it works in the later section where we focus entirely on beauteous and then we
will also do the same for angular and react so that you get a great feeling on which framework you may
like to most but I hope that sample already shows by using a framework like view might be a great idea.